Scheduler recurrenceException: edit description and the Appointment Types article (#1510)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 Widgets/Scheduler/030 Appointments/015 Appointment Types/030 Recurring Appointments.md

A recurring appointment is an appointment that repeats at a certain interval. 

![Scheduler Recurring Appointment](/images/UiWidgets/Scheduler_RecurrentAppointment.png)

To make an appointment recurring, use the [recurrenceRule](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/dxSchedulerAppointment/#recurrenceRule) option (it follows the <a href="https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc2445#section-4.3.10" target="_blank">iCalendar RFC 2445</a> specification). You can also exclude certain appointments from a series. Use the [recurrenceException](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/dxSchedulerAppointment/#recurrenceException) option to specify their start date and time.

> The appointment below occurs daily since February 20, 2021 - except February 22 and 23, 2021:

Reviewer: A comma seems more appropriate here that a dash.

Author: Removed the dash, but didn't add a comma because the sentence doesn't deliver the main idea if "except February 22 and 23, 2021" is omitted.

    <!--JavaScript-->
    var recurringAppointment = [{
        text: 'Daily planning',
        startDate: new Date("2021-02-20T07:00:00.000Z"),
        endDate: new Date("2021-02-20T08:00:00.000Z"),

>         recurrenceRule: "FREQ=DIALY",

Reviewer: The typo is still here
```suggestion
        recurrenceRule: "FREQ=DAILY",
```

        recurrenceException: "20210222T070000Z,20210223T070000Z"
    }];

> [note] If your application works with time zones, we recommend that you specify time values in UTC - as done in example above (see the Z at the end of each string). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[note] If your application works with time zones, we recommend that you specify time values in UTC - as done in example above (see the `Z` letter at the end of each string). 
```

> A recurring appointment is an appointment that repeats at a certain interval. 

Reviewer 2: - "appointment is an appointment" - no need in this repetition
- Avoid "certain" if possible.

```suggestion
A recurring appointment repeats at a specified interval. 
```

![Scheduler Recurring Appointment](/images/UiWidgets/Scheduler_RecurrentAppointment.png)

> To make an appointment recurring in code, specify the [recurrenceRule](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/dxSchedulerAppointment/#recurrenceRule) field (it follows the <a href="https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc2445#section-4.3.10" target="_blank">iCalendar RFC 2445</a> specification). You can exclude certain appointments from the created series. Specify the [recurrenceException](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/dxSchedulerAppointment/#recurrenceException) field to set their start date and time.

Reviewer 2: - "(it follows the <a href="https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc2445#section-4.3.10" target="_blank">iCalendar RFC 2445</a> specification)" - avoid putting information in brackets if possible because it is usually skipped when reading. 
- "from the created series" - the term "series" has not been introduced yet.

```suggestion
To make an appointment recurring, specify the [recurrenceRule](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/dxSchedulerAppointment/#recurrenceRule) field with a value according to the <a href="https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc2445#section-4.3.10" target="_blank">iCalendar RFC 2445</a> specification. This creates an appointment series. You can exclude specific appointments from it if you set their [recurrenceException](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/dxSchedulerAppointment/#recurrenceException) field. For example, the appointment below occurs daily since February 20, 2021, except February 22 and 23:
```

> The appointment below occurs daily since February 20, 2021 except February 22 and 23, 2021:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```

    <!--JavaScript-->
    var recurringAppointment = [{
        text: 'Daily planning',
        startDate: new Date("2021-02-20T07:00:00.000Z"),
        endDate: new Date("2021-02-20T08:00:00.000Z"),
        recurrenceRule: "FREQ=DAILY",
        recurrenceException: "20210222T070000Z,20210223T070000Z"
    }];

> [note] If your application works with time zones, we recommend that you specify time values in UTC - as done in example above (see the letter `Z` at the end of each string). 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```

> If your appointment data objects already have fields that perform the functions of **recurrenceRule** and **recurrenceException**, specify their names in the [recurrenceRuleExpr](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Widgets/dxScheduler/1%20Configuration/recurrenceRuleExpr.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxScheduler/Configuration/#recurrenceRuleExpr') and [recurrenceExceptionExpr](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Widgets/dxScheduler/1%20Configuration/recurrenceExceptionExpr.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxScheduler/Configuration/#recurrenceExceptionExpr') options of the **Scheduler**:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If your appointment data objects contain different fields that perform the functions of **recurrenceRule** and **recurrenceException**, specify their names in the **Scheduler**'s [recurrenceRuleExpr](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Widgets/dxScheduler/1%20Configuration/recurrenceRuleExpr.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxScheduler/Configuration/#recurrenceRuleExpr') and [recurrenceExceptionExpr](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Widgets/dxScheduler/1%20Configuration/recurrenceExceptionExpr.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxScheduler/Configuration/#recurrenceExceptionExpr') options:
```

![Scheduler Recurring Appointment Details](/images/UiWidgets/Scheduler_RecurrentAppointment_Details.png)

> The specified values will be saved in the appointment's **recurrenceRule** field. Note that although a recurring appointment is displayed as several appointments on the timetable, only a single appointment object is saved in the data source.

Reviewer 3: I'd like to change these two sentences to avoid the passive voice (be saved, is displayed, is saved) if possible. This will clarify who/what performs these actions. In this case, is it the "Scheduler"? For example, is the following technically correct?

```suggestion
The Scheduler control saves the specified values in the appointment's **recurrenceRule** field. Note that although the control displays a recurring appointment as several appointments on the timetable, it only saves a single appointment object to the data source.
```

![Scheduler Recurring Appointment Details](/images/UiWidgets/Scheduler_RecurrentAppointment_Details.png)

> The specified values will be saved in the **recurrenceRule** field. Note that although a recurring appointment is displayed as several appointments on the timetable, only a single appointment object is saved in the data source.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The specified values will be saved in the appointment's **recurrenceRule** field. Note that although a recurring appointment is displayed as several appointments on the timetable, only a single appointment object is saved in the data source.
```
